# obsidian-templates
Backups of my Obsidian templates. These templates use the [Templater](https://github.com/SilentVoid13/Templater) community plugin.

## Weekly Template
A template for creating an end-of-week wrap-up note, pulls weekly goals in from my main Goals list.

## Pom Timer
A template for inserting a usable pomodoro timer into other notes.

## Daily template
My template for the Daily Templates plugin. Provides prompts to organize my day first thing each morning with embedded blocks from primary Reading, To-Do, and Goals notes, pulls my agenda from gcal, and has space to take notes throughout the day.

## Daily Reading, Daily To-Do, Weekly Goals
A template for inserting into my master goals, task, and reading lists each day where I can pull down items I'm planning to do/read, added on daily note creation with the `insert_subtemplate` script below. These then get automatically embedded into the Daily template.

# Scripts
## insert_subtemplate
This script automatically inserts an arbitrary subtemplate inside of another note under a specified heading.

As part of my daily flow, I add to-do and reading lists for the day inside of my overall lists. These individual daily lists have autogenerated block anchors that get embedded in my daily note. I use this as a user function that executes upon daily note creation to add those daily subtemplates inside of those lists under the "Daily" heading.

## prev_workday, next_workday
Templater does not have the `Business` Moment.js plugin, so these provide the previous Friday when the day is Monday, and the next Monday when the day is Friday.

## current_moon_phase
Adds the emoji closest the the actual current moon phase. Borrowed and adapted from [@wheresalice](https://github.com/wheresalice)'s post in the [Templater Showcase](https://github.com/SilentVoid13/Templater/discussions/1144).
